Package root (frontend) (#4380)
quiltdata/quilt: lambdas/pkgpush/CHANGELOG.md

## Changes

> - [Added] Prefix physical keys paths on promoting package to successor when set `QUILT_CATALOG_PACKAGE_ROOT` and `copy_data: true` ([#4380](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4380))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Added] Respect new `dest_prefix` parameter for setting prefix to copy data to while promoting packages with `copy_data: true` ([#4380](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4380))
```

this change has nothing to do with `QUILT_CATALOG_PACKAGE_ROOT`
